The largest insect ever found, and this home
was built on top of a missile silo, and would
be the perfect place for surviving a zombie
apocalypse.
Vsauce, Kevin here. This is Mind Blow.
Twine is a wireless module that allows your
house to talk to you. It uses internal and
external sensors to detect things like temperature,
moisture, and vibration, and can be used,
for example, to have your dryer text you when
your clothes are ready, or have your basement
email you if it's flooding. It doesn't require
a complex programming, just let it know, for
example, that when somebody knocks on the
door at a certain time, send a Tweet.
This pin-press storage system is designed
to make cleaning up fun for kids. It allows
objects to be put away by pressing them into
the surface, and I kind of think everyone
should have walls made up of this stuff.
Slowmotion hard-boiled egg through a tennis
racquet.
To generate electricity while you walk, just
use these shoes. The concept allows a liquid
to flow back and forth between these bladders
while you walk, generating electricity and
storing it in a small battery which is accessed
through a micro-USB port in the heel.
If you need a knew heel bone, this 3D printer
can make that happen. It prints bone scaffold
that can be used to encourage the growth of
new bone cells that can be fused with existing
bone tissue.
SoftBot is a robot with no backbone at all.
It's actuated by harnessing compressed air
and channeling it through a valving system.
The idea is to allow this undulating and crawling
robot to enter narrow areas and navigate difficult
obstacles.
Uh....
This Japanese astronaut shows us what playing
baseball by yourself looks like in space.
And here's what eating food grown on your
own body looks like. The Yeti Crab is a species
of deep sea crab that grows bacterial meals
on its hairy claws. The bacteria is grown
due to methane gas released from cracks in
the ocean floor, so it's not using sun-fed
plankton for energy like many other marine
crustaceans. But, instead, uses chemical energy
from the sea floor.
If that's not alien-enough, there's Kepler-22b:
the only known planet to exist in a habitable
zone of a Sun-like star, meaning it's potentially
very Earth-like and only 2.4 times the size.
This picture is an artist rendering and not
an actual photo because it's, uh, 600 lightyears
away...
Finally, here's a hypnotizing video where
an audio landscape is created, was the 138
DC motors, cotton balls, and cardboard boxes.
I'm gonna leave you with a shrimp and a Rubik's
Cube.
There are four clues in the description of
this video. The first person to get all four
correct will be our genius of the week. So,
good luck. And if you notice I'm not in some
weird barn anymore, that's because I'm here
in Manhattan now working with Michael. And,
as always, thanks for watching.